Update the description for the config spec description field (#11729)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/developer/meta/config-specs.md

Every option has 10 possible attributes:

- `name` - This is the name of the option (**REQUIRED**)

> - `description` - Information about the option. This can be a multi-line string but each line must be less than 120 characters (**REQUIRED**)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `description` - Information about the option. This can be a multi-line string, but each line must contain fewer than 120 characters (**REQUIRED**).
```
